little is better than a fresh one
home-baked cake and this basic recipe
always preheat the oven to 180
degrees
meanwhile with you a cake tin with
butter
that is very easy with the remainder
butter on a butter wrap
put a suitable sheet of baking paper in the
greased form or sprinkle with a
tablespoon flour
both techniques ensure that the
cake will easily come out of the mold
A standard cake is also called one
hangover called each other
the four ingredients have
same ratio
I use 200 grams of butter 4 eggs
200 grams of sugar and 200 grams of flour
make sure all ingredients are up
be room temperature
then rice cake nice and even
cut the butter into pieces and then mix with
the sugar to a creamy mass
that is easiest with a mixer
and takes approximately 10 minutes
then mix in the eggs one by one
and then add the flour through this
the first seven mixes the batter even better
you can now also add some extra flavor
for example, some grated lemon zest
or vanilla
Pour the batter into the cake tin
cake about an hour in the
preheated oven at 180 degrees
the cake must be golden brown
keep an eye on for the cooking time may vary
about differences
then remove the cake from the oven and insert
a skewer in the cake every
doneness to test if the punctures there
the cake is good without batter